README.md, before:

# Reading List
[![Bower version](https://badge.fury.io/bo/reading-list.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/bo/reading-list)

Why navigate when you don't have to?


## Setup

Include the CSS and JS you need to make this run:
```html
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="jquery.reading-list.css">
<script src="jquery.reading-list.js"></script>
```

Make your HTML like this:
```html
<div class="reading-list-left-nav"> <!-- Minimap container -->
  <ul class="reading-list-mini-map">
    <li class="reading-list-mini-map-item" data-item-ref="article-1-slug">
      <span class="nav-viewing-indicator">&#x2713;</span>
      <a href="/article/article-1-slug">My First Article!</a>
    </li>
    <li class="reading-list-mini-map-item" data-item-ref="article-2-slug">
      <span class="nav-viewing-indicator">&#x2713;</span>
      <a href="/article/article-2-slug">My SECOND Article!</a>
    </li>
    <li class="reading-list-mini-map-item" data-item-ref="article-3-slug">
      <span class="nav-viewing-indicator">&#x2713;</span>
      <a href="/article/article-3-slug">This Is The Last Article :(!</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>
<div class="reading-list-content"> <!-- Reading list initialized on this element -->
  <div class="reading-list-items">
      <div id="article-1-slug" class="reading-list-item" data-href="/article/article-1-slug">
        <div class="reading-list-loader">Up next My First Article!...</div>
      </div>
      <div id="article-2-slug" class="reading-list-item" data-href="/article/article-2-slug">
        <div class="reading-list-loader">Up next My SECOND Article!...</div>
      </div>
      <div id="article-3-slug" class="reading-list-item" data-href="/article/article-3-slug">
        <div class="reading-list-loader">Up next This Is The Last Article :(!...</div>
      </div>
  </div>
</div>
```

Then make your JS like this:
```javascript
$(document).on('ready', function () {
  // initialize reading list
  $('.reading-list-content').readingList({
    loadingThreshold: 300,
    lookingThresholdTop: 200,
    lookingThresholdBottom: 250,
    dataRetrievalSuccess: function ($item, data) { return data; },
    dataRetrievalFail: function ($item) { return 'fail!'; }
  });
});
```

As the user scrolls down, article content will be loaded according to the ```data-href```
attribute on each reading list item. Items are marked in the mini-map as active
based on the id of the reading list item which should match with the data-item-ref.

Whatever contents are inside of the reading list item, which in this example case is
```html
<div class="reading-list-loader">Some text...</div>
```
will be replaced by the content returned by the AJAX call.

### Options
Following is a breakdown of the options available for this plugin:

| Option | Notes |
|--------:|:-------|
| ```loadingThreshold``` | Height from the bottom of scrolling container to start loading. |
| ```lookingThresholdTop``` | Top boundary of "looking" area, measured from top of window. |
| ```lookingThresholdBottom``` | Bottom boundary of "looking" area, measured from top of window. |
| ```eventingThrottle``` | Time in ms to delay eventing execution on scroll. Use larger values when considering slower browsers so that scrolling isn't affected by event triggering. |
| ```scrollToSpeed``` | Time in ms for scroll to event when scrolling to an article. |
| ```selectors``` | Customize the selectors used for each reading list component. Note that whatever classes you choose, the layout of those components must be nested properly. |
| ```addContent``` | Define this content to add content to the end of the reading list when there are no more items to load. Expected to return a promise that will resolve with the content to append to the end of the list. |
| ```refreshIScrollOn``` | A list of event names that, when triggered, will change the display of the reading list (such as show/hide). This will allow the plugin to detect when these events occur and refresh the iScroll container. |
| ```dataRetrievalSuccess``` | Reading list data transform callback to change received data to HTML. Non-falsy return values from this function will replace the contents of the reading list item. In the ideal case, this function will return the HTML of the reading list item. |
| ```dataRetrievalFail``` | Reading list data failure callback. Non-falsy return values from this function will replace the contents of the reading list item. In the ideal case, this function will return HTML of some error message. |
| ```scrollContainerHeight``` | Set this to use a custom value for scroll container height in calculations, should be a function that returns an integer which is the height of the container being scrolled. Needed in cases, like were reading list is entire document and the window should be used for height calculations vs. document height. |
| ```scrollTotalHeight``` | Set this to use a custom value for scroll total height in calculations. Should be a function that returns an integer which is the total scrollable height of the scroll container. Needed in cases such as when the reading list is entire document and the body should be used for scroll total height calculations. |
| ```scrollAnimationContainer``` | Set this to use a custom container for scrolling animation. A jQuery object that encapsulates the element that scrolling will occur on. Needed in cases such as when the reading list is entire document and the body should be used for scroll animations. |
| ```noEventBubbling```| Set to true to stop events from bubbling up the DOM tree, in which case, any event listeners must attach to the reading list element itself. This **must** be set to true for any reading lists that are nested inside another reading list! |

#### Customizing Selectors
The following selectors can be customized as options of the ```selectors``` option:

| Selector Name | Selector Rules |
|--------------:|:---------------|
| ```itemsContainer``` | Direct child of element used to create reading list. |
| ```items``` | Direct children of ```itemsContainer```, the class used for individual reading list items.  |
| ```miniMapItems``` | Selector for mini-map elements. Minimap elements can be anywhere on the page as long as they can be selected with this selector and have the ```data-item-ref``` attribute. If you are using multiple reading lists on a single page, this selector should be customized for each individual instance of a reading list. |

Note, also, that any styles that come along with the plugin must be applied to the corresponding customized classes here.

### Events
Following are events you can hook into as the page scrolls. Note: all events are triggered on the container used to build the reading list, so in the example, it would be on the ```#readingList``` element.

#### Reading List Events
Events applicable to the state of the entire reading list:

| Name | Arguments | Notes |
|-----:|:----------|:------|
| ```reading-list-ready```| None | Fires when reading list setup is complete. |
| ```reading-list-at-top``` | None | Fires when reading list hits the top. |
| ```reading-list-at-bottom``` | None | Fires when reading list hits the bottom. |
| ```reading-list-at-bottom-load-threshold``` | None | Triggered when the reading list is nearing the bottom, a threshold specified by ```loadingThreshold``` option. |
| ```reading-list-out-of-content``` | None | Reading list has run out of content. Internally, if ```addContent``` is defined it will be used when this event triggers to add new content to the end of the reading list. |

#### Item Events
Events applicable to individual reading list items:

| Name | Arguments | Notes |
|-----:|:----------|:------|
| ```reading-list-start-item-load``` | ```$item``` ```direction``` | ```$item``` is starting to load, triggered by a scrolling ```direction```. |
| ```reading-list-item-in-looking``` | ```$item``` | ```$item``` has entered the looking area and is the active item. |
| ```reading-list-item-out-looking``` | ```$item``` | ```$item``` has fallen out of the looking area and is no longer the active item. |
| ```reading-list-item-progress``` | ```$item``` ```progress``` | Has viewed ```progress``` ratio of the entire ```$item```. Use to update progress bars. To make ```progress``` a percentage, do ```progress * 100```.  |
| ```reading-list-start-item-load-done``` | ```$item``` | ```$item``` is done loading. |

## Usage Notes

### The "Looking" Area
Whatever the top item is in the reading list that falls within the "looking"
area is what is active and will be marked as such in the mini-map. For the
progress bar, the amount "read" is the distance from the top of the article to
the bottom of the "looking area".

### Preloading Items
Any reading list items that are loaded with the page should have the attribute ```data-load-status="loaded"``` to prevent reloading that item. In order to keep
styling consistent, the item should also get the ```loaded``` CSS class.

### Refreshing IScroll
Whenever code external to the reading list plugin will change the layout of the
reading list, such as modifying show/hide or size, an event should be triggered.
This event name should then be listed in the ```refreshIScrollOn``` option array
so that the plugin can refresh iScroll when this event occurs in a mobile
environment.

## Running the Example
If you'd like to see the example, clone down this code, then:
```bash
$ cd reading-list
$ npm run-script example
```

Commit message:

Removed reading-list-ready event, added onReady function to be called when list is ready

README.md, after:

# Reading List
[![Bower version](https://badge.fury.io/bo/reading-list.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/bo/reading-list)

Why navigate when you don't have to?


## Setup

Include the CSS and JS you need to make this run:
```html
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="jquery.reading-list.css">
<script src="jquery.reading-list.js"></script>
```

Make your HTML like this:
```html
<div class="reading-list-left-nav"> <!-- Minimap container -->
  <ul class="reading-list-mini-map">
    <li class="reading-list-mini-map-item" data-item-ref="article-1-slug">
      <span class="nav-viewing-indicator">&#x2713;</span>
      <a href="/article/article-1-slug">My First Article!</a>
    </li>
    <li class="reading-list-mini-map-item" data-item-ref="article-2-slug">
      <span class="nav-viewing-indicator">&#x2713;</span>
      <a href="/article/article-2-slug">My SECOND Article!</a>
    </li>
    <li class="reading-list-mini-map-item" data-item-ref="article-3-slug">
      <span class="nav-viewing-indicator">&#x2713;</span>
      <a href="/article/article-3-slug">This Is The Last Article :(!</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>
<div class="reading-list-content"> <!-- Reading list initialized on this element -->
  <div class="reading-list-items">
      <div id="article-1-slug" class="reading-list-item" data-href="/article/article-1-slug">
        <div class="reading-list-loader">Up next My First Article!...</div>
      </div>
      <div id="article-2-slug" class="reading-list-item" data-href="/article/article-2-slug">
        <div class="reading-list-loader">Up next My SECOND Article!...</div>
      </div>
      <div id="article-3-slug" class="reading-list-item" data-href="/article/article-3-slug">
        <div class="reading-list-loader">Up next This Is The Last Article :(!...</div>
      </div>
  </div>
</div>
```

Then make your JS like this:
```javascript
$(document).on('ready', function () {
  // initialize reading list
  $('.reading-list-content').readingList({
    loadingThreshold: 300,
    lookingThresholdTop: 200,
    lookingThresholdBottom: 250,
    dataRetrievalSuccess: function ($item, data) { return data; },
    dataRetrievalFail: function ($item) { return 'fail!'; }
  });
});
```

As the user scrolls down, article content will be loaded according to the ```data-href```
attribute on each reading list item. Items are marked in the mini-map as active
based on the id of the reading list item which should match with the data-item-ref.

Whatever contents are inside of the reading list item, which in this example case is
```html
<div class="reading-list-loader">Some text...</div>
```
will be replaced by the content returned by the AJAX call.

### Options
Following is a breakdown of the options available for this plugin:

| Option | Notes |
|--------:|:-------|
| ```loadingThreshold``` | Height from the bottom of scrolling container to start loading. |
| ```lookingThresholdTop``` | Top boundary of "looking" area, measured from top of window. |
| ```lookingThresholdBottom``` | Bottom boundary of "looking" area, measured from top of window. |
| ```eventingThrottle``` | Time in ms to delay eventing execution on scroll. Use larger values when considering slower browsers so that scrolling isn't affected by event triggering. |
| ```scrollToSpeed``` | Time in ms for scroll to event when scrolling to an article. |
| ```selectors``` | Customize the selectors used for each reading list component. Note that whatever classes you choose, the layout of those components must be nested properly. |
| ```addContent``` | Define this content to add content to the end of the reading list when there are no more items to load. Expected to return a promise that will resolve with the content to append to the end of the list. |
| ```refreshIScrollOn``` | A list of event names that, when triggered, will change the display of the reading list (such as show/hide). This will allow the plugin to detect when these events occur and refresh the iScroll container. |
| ```dataRetrievalSuccess``` | Reading list data transform callback to change received data to HTML. Non-falsy return values from this function will replace the contents of the reading list item. In the ideal case, this function will return the HTML of the reading list item. |
| ```dataRetrievalFail``` | Reading list data failure callback. Non-falsy return values from this function will replace the contents of the reading list item. In the ideal case, this function will return HTML of some error message. |
| ```scrollContainerHeight``` | Set this to use a custom value for scroll container height in calculations, should be a function that returns an integer which is the height of the container being scrolled. Needed in cases, like were reading list is entire document and the window should be used for height calculations vs. document height. |
| ```scrollTotalHeight``` | Set this to use a custom value for scroll total height in calculations. Should be a function that returns an integer which is the total scrollable height of the scroll container. Needed in cases such as when the reading list is entire document and the body should be used for scroll total height calculations. |
| ```scrollAnimationContainer``` | Set this to use a custom container for scrolling animation. A jQuery object that encapsulates the element that scrolling will occur on. Needed in cases such as when the reading list is entire document and the body should be used for scroll animations. |
| ```noEventBubbling```| Set to true to stop events from bubbling up the DOM tree, in which case, any event listeners must attach to the reading list element itself. This **must** be set to true for any reading lists that are nested inside another reading list! |
| ```onReady``` | Set to a function that will fire when the reading list is ready. Reading list object will be passed in as first argument. |

#### Customizing Selectors
The following selectors can be customized as options of the ```selectors``` option:

| Selector Name | Selector Rules |
|--------------:|:---------------|
| ```itemsContainer``` | Direct child of element used to create reading list. |
| ```items``` | Direct children of ```itemsContainer```, the class used for individual reading list items.  |
| ```miniMapItems``` | Selector for mini-map elements. Minimap elements can be anywhere on the page as long as they can be selected with this selector and have the ```data-item-ref``` attribute. If you are using multiple reading lists on a single page, this selector should be customized for each individual instance of a reading list. |

Note, also, that any styles that come along with the plugin must be applied to the corresponding customized classes here.

### Events
Following are events you can hook into as the page scrolls. Note: all events are triggered on the container used to build the reading list, so in the example, it would be on the ```#readingList``` element.

#### Reading List Events
Events applicable to the state of the entire reading list:

| Name | Arguments | Notes |
|-----:|:----------|:------|
| ```reading-list-at-top``` | None | Fires when reading list hits the top. |
| ```reading-list-at-bottom``` | None | Fires when reading list hits the bottom. |
| ```reading-list-at-bottom-load-threshold``` | None | Triggered when the reading list is nearing the bottom, a threshold specified by ```loadingThreshold``` option. |
| ```reading-list-out-of-content``` | None | Reading list has run out of content. Internally, if ```addContent``` is defined it will be used when this event triggers to add new content to the end of the reading list. |

#### Item Events
Events applicable to individual reading list items:

| Name | Arguments | Notes |
|-----:|:----------|:------|
| ```reading-list-start-item-load``` | ```$item``` ```direction``` | ```$item``` is starting to load, triggered by a scrolling ```direction```. |
| ```reading-list-item-in-looking``` | ```$item``` | ```$item``` has entered the looking area and is the active item. |
| ```reading-list-item-out-looking``` | ```$item``` | ```$item``` has fallen out of the looking area and is no longer the active item. |
| ```reading-list-item-progress``` | ```$item``` ```progress``` | Has viewed ```progress``` ratio of the entire ```$item```. Use to update progress bars. To make ```progress``` a percentage, do ```progress * 100```.  |
| ```reading-list-start-item-load-done``` | ```$item``` | ```$item``` is done loading. |

## Usage Notes

### The "Looking" Area
Whatever the top item is in the reading list that falls within the "looking"
area is what is active and will be marked as such in the mini-map. For the
progress bar, the amount "read" is the distance from the top of the article to
the bottom of the "looking area".

### Preloading Items
Any reading list items that are loaded with the page should have the attribute ```data-load-status="loaded"``` to prevent reloading that item. In order to keep
styling consistent, the item should also get the ```loaded``` CSS class.

### Refreshing IScroll
Whenever code external to the reading list plugin will change the layout of the
reading list, such as modifying show/hide or size, an event should be triggered.
This event name should then be listed in the ```refreshIScrollOn``` option array
so that the plugin can refresh iScroll when this event occurs in a mobile
environment.

## Running the Example
If you'd like to see the example, clone down this code, then:
```bash
$ cd reading-list
$ npm run-script example
```
